Christian
nasty liquid
smoke Black Water Black
Water Rainman make it
flow where it goes nobody knows nobody
knows
[Music]
tricker slippery like money money money
down the rabbit hole you go
you take a little
[Music]
mus speakers on
Z the [ __ ] we spit is fire it's going up
tonight they like to get real high two
Puff Smoke in your eyes dirty in the
ride flying through the night [ __ ] with
your heard this [ __ ] the chonic it'll
make you puke and vomit here comes the
comet you can't out run it jump it my
laser beams are solar a real Rock and
roller PA Boutique so long zombie
junk horror films get them high for
the welcome back to Lady
Babylon this is am andu tonight I'm
going to bring bring on on your
instructor after we have a short short
just kind of an explosion tonight we're
going to go in and I'm going to show you
the naughty I'm going to show you the
Christian
yist played out face to face right from
the
text
maybe maybe somewhere along the way
we'll figure out what EX exactly they're
doing be
delicious he did not say that no he
didn't hail Satan that's right that's
right hey Jack hail Satan hail Satan
everyone to the
congregation before we start I want to
make a note to people out there who are
you know doing great things making art
bringing back the the blessings of
ancient Greek knowledge just
using it thank you thank you for giving
your time to those dead people to those
dead people it's fantastic we bring back
civilization right you hail AR and you
yeah right exactly um what do we got
going by the way at am and you for the
people who are out there are like what
um we've got a couple of new classes
starting for
Aussies and kiwi
yeah shout out shout out to the folks
out there who will be starting intensive
Greek we've got two sessions coming up
one starts tomorrow which for you people
is the future
fantastic I love it what do we do we
teach people the language and the people
then go out and use the
language in their own personal
narratives of
glory and they end up people like Tom
Jefferson right it's a it's a great
honor to give Mother Greek those
birthing rights and to see what is the
human brain was meant to do oh God it's
gorgeous love it are we gonna have the
Blue Fog tonight chewy seriously are we
G have the Blue Fog can we is the blue
fogs too much tonight look
people are going to be calling me Blue
Beard um let's change the Ambiance oh
yeah no oh oh hey that flashing
no there we go that's the comfortable
red glare of Hell Hil Satan don't you
love it don't you love it it's such a
such a nice yeah chewy we're playing
aren't we tonight okay let's get the
first text up there because I want
people look
I've got the Eucharist are you ready to
watch the Eucharist I'm going to be
giving you these sources from two
Christian writers right writing the acts
of Thomas and the AXS of Phillip you're
going to love this stuff right so that's
where your sources are we're going to
look through the eyes of the ancient
Christians and we're going to see what
they were doing and when it gets
naughty don't
act surprised because I've been telling
you this for the longest time for the
longest time people are out there saying
oh
Preposterous Preposterous I love I love
where the Muse does that I love when
your mind becomes so
deranged that you think you can look
evidence in the face an ancient text and
say banish thee from my
brain yes you can't do that people
that's why one of the things that people
are
appreciating one of the yes I agree I
agree very much Stephan for
everyone spankings for everyone I agree
everyone around right this is a party
man when you go and people start
delivering spankings you know you've
come to a bonic r
Renaissance
fantastic love it um look people I'm
going to pull this dirty dirty material
right as a matter of fact give me a
second I'm GNA go close who left it open
you know Yung can get through that crack
hang on a second people young can get
through that
[Music]
cck God what does he do
oh here we go sorry for that I'm going
to conjure an image for you first of all
tonight this is contemporary with the
writings that we're going to be looking
at these freaked up writings we're going
right into a
Christian P Diddy party and I know
people are saying stop stop with the
Pete ddy stop with the
Anan stop it's too much
people can't help it it's what the text
say dude was arrested in a public park
with a naked kid tonight we're going to
see what Jesus Christ who's that's the
person we're talking about give us a
picture chewy get no give us the give us
the picture where's Jesus right what was
he doing it was one of them
you right okay here here okay we caught
him in a certain moment right right
right don't try to okay this is what
we're talking about we're going right
into it I'm going to show you right out
of the text again tonight I'm gonna show
you what kind of freaky pdy stuff is
going on don't worry it's just look if
you're gonna
understand Jesus
Christ you've got to understand what was
happening in that park with that
kid at that party do you understand if
you don't poor Justin
Bieber let's go for
it first I want to cleanse this place
pour some jet fuel in here give it to me
Chewy who is this people this is
contemporary these are the magical papy
this is one of those books that Paul the
Apostle said throw them away why because
these are the basis for Judaism and
Christianity and what are we talking
about here I just want you to see who
hacky is go to the fourth line she is
the
Aros she is the
beginning and the
end
she is the ionian mother are you ready
do you want to see where all your
Christianity came fromy hit us with
another one hit us with another one who
else is
hacky oh God look at this
Su
ones now this line right
here on if I'm gonna throw in the
magical use of the old Greek I would
say do you hear the diag in there it's
important because the these are
incantations people the Christians
they're using incantations and hymns
right don't be surprised it's not out of
sorts when you hear him you think
sitting in the Pew How Great Thou
Art right no you want to know what their
hymns do
p p you ever teach
somebody do you have apostle
he's got 12 take it off Jesus wash their
feet give me the next one you alone rule
does are you hearing Christianity you
should be hearing Christianity but I'm
sending it to you through the Pagan
worship are you ready give me that yeah
yeah what is this oh look at the very
bottom line people Polo on by the way at
the top that's gorgeous isn't it lady
Babylon is back what's another of her
names domom
men look at the very bottom D no now
some of you may have heard some person
some person trying to sell you mugs
maybe talking about DN
Manus right and who that is well guess
what we're going back to her are you
ready you're going to see the Christians
in a Eucharist in an ancient Eucharist
you're see the Christians in an ancient
Eucharist you're be shocked at what
they're
doing right can you hear it okay let's
just go right give me the last give me
that yeah go ahead I want you to
remember this name
d Doo
Damia she is that one who overcomes
we're going to meet her in the mystery
give it to me oh yeah do you want do you
want to pull it up nice nice J remember
last couple of episodes we've been
talking about the Mysteries we've been
talking about sucking blood do you know
who this is that we're talking about
we're talking about
she who consumes the
blood you know what she gets out of
it life Essence baby why do you think
she lives so
long wait what where are we we're in
antiquity
with the first
Christians okay the first
Christians here we are right you mean
we're talking about her yes we're
talking about her don't be surprised
just watch what they do we're going to
go in like a Roman SWAT team we're gonna
burst through the
doors right first we're gon to knock and
then boom then we're going in right you
got to have come on man it's
civilization right
um but what we're going to do is we're
going to raid the scene here we're going
to see what the Christians are doing are
you ready right out of their own
writings and remember these are the
writings that are apocryphal you know
what that means it means they were too
nasty it was too much just like the
redaction of the Gospel of Mark some
things you can't tell everybody some
things got to remain secret you didn't
know that priesthoods keep secrets I
thought we'd all seen that by now
especially the folks in Europe shout out
to the folks in Europe right yeah very
nice keep up the good work we have a
European Cadre and we've we're about to
have a New Zealand Australian C by the
way shout out to the maie oh son of a
god I've been watching you people you
scare me you scare me I watched you
people stand on one side all Brits and I
watched people on the other side Maui my
God man run run you Brit's got no you
got no hope man look at them look at
their faces dude these people are
serious I love this I love this oh God I
can get another Shield you know what I
mean yeah more power to that to that
soldiery oh love it give it to me give
me the next one um people who is this
hack in case you got here late to the
party we're talking about hacky we're
talking about hack and we're taking
documents that are written the same time
that all these gospels and all these
Bible books are written and what do they
say the very books that Paul who is the
first person to attempt to
purge the
movement right to purge the mystery he
he does it by saying you got to get rid
of these sources cuz watch what the
Christians are doing um who is this
now you're not going to know this if you
put on the facade the makeup and you
like to strut around and talk about
hacky maybe you dress like a goth right
maybe you you know which I'm not saying
this bad thing or anything I'm just
saying um maybe that's your level of
participation let me school you look at
her look who is who is this by the way
spank that requires spanking right if
that's you
you knew it was coming you can't
merchandise off hecky you know what I
mean and people are saying that by the
way did you know almond doesn't take
money for his YouTube channel no he
doesn't why
why it's like those movie Pirates you
know what I mean dude was a single
dad you
know couldn't afford to take his kids
there dude right thank you thank you for
the vision I love it okay um where are
we going give me the next one th that
one this is who she is who is hacky you
people didn't know this um
ioa what does that mean it's she who
pours the poison she who pours the
poison and why is that because hacky is
coming from those
huntresses right the oldest Cults those
dianic Black Sea human sacrificing organ
eating man scalping
Cults oh God if that isn't sexy nothing
is if you don't think that's sexy
something is wrong right I don't care
what side of the fence you're on I don't
care right you got the whole chromosome
I don't care everybody's in this pot
right this is
hecky said to be the mother of the
media it was through her as
mother that the
Savior would come do you understand do
you
understand they created this right in
the Bronze Age and the result
result was
media isn't that
gorgeous isn't that gorgeous she who we
have the first record for christing of
anywhere in
Antiquity she's the
first isn't that nice oh God you mean
this was meant for a woman's mind you
mean hang on do you mean the universe
was written right you didn't realize the
universe was a I don't know you could
call it a program a novel a poem
whatever you didn't realize it was
written by her did
you God do you understand now the
Savior and who she is now I'm going to
show you the Christians worshiping her
and of
course it gets
sexy so so right restrain little bit of
restraint tonight right I don't want to
just jump into this this is a sacred act
we're about to perform so I want us to
go into it with a little bit of you know
a little bit of firmness but at the same
time just a little bit of patience a
little time we're not rushed we're not
rushed okay oh chewy give it to me it's
all the clues you know what I mean it's
like a putting together a
puzzle boom hit me with another puzzle
piece people I want to take you back to
Sparta and I want to show you what athus
says about Sparta the warlike character
of the dance proves if a Spartan it a
Spartan invention the lonians are a
warlike people and not only do their
sons learn by rot the
imia or songs of the battle charge which
are also called inopia or songs under
arms but in war they themselves recite
the poems of tus from memory and move in
time to
them we're
told by phorus that after the Spartans
had defeated the msians by the
generalship of trus they made it the
costume of their military Expeditions
that when the pan had been sung after
supper the songs of terteus should be
given one by each man the poar to decide
who Sayang the
best right and what does the winner get
get some
meat isn't that nice what a reward right
look what are we digging up people here
well where do we go I thought we were
about to go see the Christians do it
we're going to the Grove of
Mars because that is where this
all
starts it's where everything starts do
you know what hangs in the Grove of
Mars the fleece and what's written on
the fleece the medw song is written on
the F do you know what we dancers
do yeah we dance the war god into
existence and you know you can't get
within 20 feet of that fleece
without getting killed immediately by
its
Guardian who is one of the
Dragons right who are those dragons
those are those Guardians those Temple
Relic Guardians you have to kill them
off if you want to take over the spot do
you understand all of this is coming do
you mean the mystery comes from the
Grove of the God of War yes yes yes do
you want to see how to bring it out why
do you think we worship she who is the
God of War wait Athena yes the Virgin
we're back to the
Virgin the Eucharist involves the Virgin
because the
mystery is all about the Virgin it's her
voice we protect isn't that fantastic
isn't that fantastic oh God that is htic
Magic right there it's htic yeah feel it
can you feel it I did too right you know
what I mean oh God this is good stuff
there'll be no getting of the goats
tonight don't do it Shy give me the next
one it's too early it's too early look
people who let let me give you an
example of this
battle um music and where is this coming
out of it's coming out of the seventh
and sixth centuries
right this in a BC and this kind of
song ends up the medium for shaping
Society all of these people that I'm
about to talk about do you know do you
know where they get their ideas for war
they go to the
oracles and they ask the oracles and the
oracles tell them what to do the oracles
tell them what to do you remember when
like kgus went from Sparta and you know
what the Oracle told him imagine he
walks in and you know he's been through
all the ritual of cleansing right gone
through the proper rights he's able to
ask his
question right what Sparta's problem and
she looks right into his face and she
says
greed your
greed stains
you isn't that
fantastic imagine that where is that
voice in the world today that voice is
no longer here it's resting in the
breasts of people out there yeah whose
ancestors used a chemical
right to bring out that
thumos to bring out that
passion yeah through that
voice oh makes your chest warm doesn't
it makes your chest warm oh God
all right let's go let's go it's getting
too it's getting I need a fan baby it's
getting too steamy tus give it to me get
up here you old dead Greek right get up
here I'm just gonna translate this
quickly to you if somebody wants to
learn the art of
combat let them do amazing things don't
let them stand at a distance when people
are shooting the arrows if the dude has
a
Shield make them stand in its
way let the person stand face to
face with their
opponent right when they're GNA kill a
person let them put their foot against
their foot let them put their put their
what their Shield against the other
person's Shield let them go Crest to
Crest and helmet to helmet let him go
chest to
chest yeah yeah hold on hold on to that
sword or that
Lance now you don't get this when I
translate it but that's a song and you
hear the repetition right guess why
there's
repetition because it is a song that
facilitates
marching right it's a song the Greeks in
the Sabbath
and sixth centuries are developing
meter as a state
weapon do you understand you can use
song to bring out what is the potential
of the person imagine that for a minute
language do you know where libraries
come from I want to make a very I keep
saying very basic things and people are
like oh oh my God that is crazy
okay let me say something it's not crazy
it's just history do you know where
libraries come from they don't come from
the Middle
East they come from
Greece oh you've got a few collections
of tablets with grocery lists for what
the king's got in his basement you got a
few of those
right
libraries
spring from the language that was the
most developed
by a
league the most developed by a
mile I promise you I promise you
libraries are the invention of the
language you need the requisite language
to create the library do you understand
there's not much you can get you can do
right go into your mud brick libraries
people oh I'm sorry they don't exist
go to a temple of the Muse and you'll
find out where Humanity
bridged governance and
song yeah and it was in the heart it
turns out of
Spartan
soldiers imagine that imagine that
didn't they kick out didn't they k kick
out arilus yes because he said throw
away your Shield if you're going to die
it's better to you know live and buy
another Shield come back another day oh
my God get
out right imagine the guts it took the
same guy caused people to kill
themselves with his poetry right isn't
that great when your poetry can make
people
insane you know that the Muse has
touched
you right I love that I love that oh
give me the next one let's give him some
frightening stuff let's give him from
okay people I want you to hold on for a
minute I want you to hold on for a
minute this is from the Corpus metac
Corum gorum it is a giant Corpus of
edited Greek texts that are all about
medicine all about medicine at least
they're written by
doctors yeah so for example one of these
by pH luminus is all about poisonous um
venomous or toxic creatures right um and
what their Venoms can do and what they
can be used for what you counter them
with right antidotes so this is um one
of the texts that's from this giant
collection right and it's some author
let him fight about who it was doesn't
matter doesn't matter to me I want to
see what is the text saying oh my God so
somebody's quoting somebody else they
say
filus in the soand so book of his
history right his his investigations
according to
AR right what does he say he says the
woman's
vagina is a spring of
water from which if somebody should
Christ their
feet
their genitalia
right are going to be
exercised made
stiff so much so I'm still translating
people so much so this stuff can't be
reversed without grade pain and
therapy
okay all right did you hear what I said
look at the third line down you see the
third line in and the third line down is
this the third time I've done this
saying do you see the verb people for
christing oh it can't it's
Preposterous it's Preposterous you
flatus filled
ignoramus son
of do you see what happens you see what
happens Timmy when you don't do your
homework you can't make stupid
statements people will catch you
dummy people what's the difference
what's the difference between what I'm
doing here and what is being done out
there what's the difference we just go
to the text these people don't read
these texts do you think anybody has
read that medical text that I just gave
you in the last hundred years
absolutely not the Germans who edited
those texts professionally and they were
good man they were good the Germans in
the 1910 1920 30 those German classical
philologist God they were good editors
baby they got texts man they got texts
they were reading stuff you and I
haven't been privy to maybe that would
explain
some things about the development of
certain
things hooa
fantastic that is climactic hoo-ha have
you ever been in there and you get to
that puffy hoo-ha and you're like
ah yeah you know what I mean you know
what I'm talking about give it to me um
look people did we get the one before I
think we got everything did we get that
one too did we just get that one too
yeah yeah okay so uh keep it there for a
second I just want people I just want
people to realize what this thing just
said you
Christ your
feet do you remember what Mary did to
Jesus what does this say happen when you
Christ your feet what are we looking for
by the way why are we at this party
we're at this party because her call is
a Fountain it's a sacred
Fountain did nobody see the
sign okay right her cost is a sacred
Fountain and we got to get things going
and how do we start we start with the
feet and christing and what happens when
you Christ look at that fourth line
toon that
person's
Parts become distended
that's what it says stretched
out and it doesn't go
away you got to give the person
therapy right it's yeah can be can be
harmful right this a delicate operation
we've got going here you know what I
mean Osiris W give me the next one give
me the next one you thought you were
going to see it right you say I paid $40
for this course and I I think I got Tak
Tak to
a yeah you did get out of the back alley
right get out of the back alley look at
what the texts are actually saying right
and then you won't be able to say why am
I saying this and the people out there
who are
watching they're saying
Preposterous why because they haven't
read this stuff they haven't read this
in the
original right guaranteed guaranteed
that you and I can sit down with him and
five minutes I can show you I can have
them ad admitting to you that they don't
read
Greek right love it love it okay by the
way we're going to talk about classes
too and um some people are asking
different things about getting into them
and whatnot so we need to address that
and standing up the Apostle did what he
sealed everybody I'm taking you now to
the Christian writings about here is
their Eucharist people ready I'm
translating it to you so getting out the
Apostle uh sealed these
people right and suddenly the voice
right of the Lord really it it it
literally says the Lord right um appears
to them by means of a voice saying peace
to you
brah right peace to you
brah yeah but they only heard his
voice right his form they did not
see why why didn't they see his form and
this is a carryover from last week but I
don't think that you know I I've you
know opened it up as completely and as
thoroughly as I should have so it says
literally they didn't see his form
they're only hearing his voice and why
is it because not yet did they
receive the empowering of that
seal okay what happens when they do
they're going to go into the communion
watch Watch What Happens so the Apostle
he took some oil right and um poured it
out upon their heads and what is this
that we've seen it's an oil that's a
base for the application of
drugs fantastic we're halfway there when
you are performing the catechism did you
know you stri that boy down naked after
you starved him for two weeks who
you starve this poor Justin Bieber for
two weeks I mean P Diddy thinks he had
it by just giving everybody some kind of
juice with you know crazy crazy drugs in
it and then everybody gets party on
right right that is the sophistication
what has happened to the ancient mystery
what has happened to it my God man keep
your keep your practices pure
right if he' had done it right like the
early Christians he'd have starve Justin
for two
weeks yeah he'd starved him then he
would have stripped him down this is go
check the catechesis people if you don't
believe me this is in Christian
catechesis then after you what do you do
with the boy after two weeks right the
whole time you're indoctrinating him the
whole time right sin is bad the flesh is
bad you we've got to remove your demons
how do you remove a sex demon from
Justin Bieber I can show you what the
Christians
did you strip him down and you oil him
from the top of his head to the bottom
of his
feet yeah and then what do you do you
get a priest who can summon the devil to
offer the fire of Temptation to the
boy yeah and when the boy in the midst
of the temptation
when the pleasure is at its maximum if
that boy can then rebuke the
Dion the sexual Dion that boy will be
saved forever that boy is
pure that's what the Christians said
anyway that boy is
clean right no stain no stain of that
demon
do you see the level of
training do you know why we don't talk
about the mystery because when we
do the SWAT team shows up and we all end
up in prison right Jesus is saying for
weeks before his stuff breaks he's
saying don't scandalize me don't scand
sh don't talk about that people are
saying stop touching children he's like
don't talk about it right you're gonna
scandalize me got his 12 boys with him
and they're ending up in an upper room
with him with no clothes on washing
their feet why do you think he's washing
their feet did you think he had a bar of
soap did you think he was just lathered
up and wash those little FY peties no
Jesus didn't do that he washed them as
they would in
[Music]
Antiquity and do you know what ended up
happening those boys
became
taught they became
taught that's what happens when you
apply this stuff to your
feet now what kind of drugs specifically
are they using you can check it all out
in various insundry pharmacological
authors but they have
aphrodisiacs all over the place and you
know what's
funny the word AF aiac is a Greek word
is a Greek word you think you have the
word aphrodesiac in Hebrew ancient
Hebrew no why the Lev the tech level of
language isn't up there right don't
worry latin's the same way it's just a
couple you know latin's you know well
it's beyond where the Hebrew was
right because the Hebrew is nowhere
right and people say tic seriously
seriously seriously people
where'd my sheep
go you got nothing you got no evidence
whatsoever people that's why you have to
make up the mons always make up a
narrative to fool us all that's what
people think history was you think it
was Moses he didn't freaking
[Laughter]
exist King David
seriously how much evidence is there
zero dude did not exist nothing on the
radar nothing did they make at least the
mud brick H oh God they piled up some
rocks and made a was station at makido
oh my God
civilization bunch of
Lacey bunch of
pirates love it don't send me to Judea
that place is a wreck I can't even use a
restroom there you don't restrooms bro
somebody dig me one up certainly the
Romans at sometime got so uncomfortable
they were like oh my God can somebody
make some toilets around here right
imagine that Society right what are you
doing Jesus with Mary who is carrying
sex drugs who is pardoned by the pope
later for carrying sex drugs what are
you doing with her you want to see go
back to the text go back back to the
text JY we only have a couple texts
tonight no no no the big one that we had
on there cuz I didn't finish I didn't
finish blow it up for me and so the
Apostle you know he goes through the oh
right so he put on that base level of
oil upon which they use other drugs and
what does it say he both applied the oil
and christed them and christed them why
is he doing that because that's how
they're going to get kicked to the next
level you don't believe me he to them
and he says what Come Holy Name of
Christ name above names come power of
the
highest come El
spania do you know what El spania is the
Spanos the
uterus wait what we've got uterus stuff
going on did you just not just see the
cost the vagina it is that Dark Harbor
that's where we're getting our
drugs isn't that gorgeous she makes them
oh God why' you think the virgins are
all getting pregnant they're the
children of
God blow it up again blow it up again
I've really got to see it let's finish
what does she do she cries some people
again right and she's um I mean the
Apostle and the Apostle starts going
through give us the power of the highest
give us that crism give us that highest
Christ thing and then what what do they
say come come who remember this is the
Apostle whispering in your ear while you
were going through the right in emerging
through just hearing voices to a phase
where you can see the
dead and what is the dude sing in your
ear what kind of implications are they
have come to us
mother of the good womb
come have
intercourse with
men have that
masculine
intercourse okay come mystery revealing
what is hidden come mother of the seven
houses in order that there may be a
relief in the eighth house now wait a
minute what's seventh house and eighth
house who are we talking about people do
you remember the
ogdoad do you remember the eighth person
that the apocalypse talks about who is
that they often call him the eighth man
right
right who is
that Master of the eighth
house all right
okay who were the eight they were the
ones who fought the one and brought the
one
down okay there's a lot of a lot of
quantum physics there I don't understand
that's how they talked about it do you
love it do you love it okay you're gonna
hear just a little bit just a little bit
of the astrology too just a little bit
astrology remember these are Magi we're
dealing with right remember the titles
that they gave the apostles do you know
what the earliest titles are for the
apostles magician and Drug
user phake do you remember that it's in
the Apocrypha that's what they call the
apostles if you are an Apostles and you
were being touched like this dude it's
because you're involved with drugs man
you're involved with drugs and you're
probably going to tell me you're a
Christ just like Thomas the second
Christ to that
Primal Christ who is
Jesus who was arrested in a public park
with a naked boy whose private parts
were
bandaged now if you think that naked boy
that was with Jesus was in a state of
arousal you would be correct
do you see there's no wall between the
medicine and the
words there's no
wall it's a reality the Christians are
performing acts of sexuality and
celebration of the woman who writes
creation isn't that interesting let's
see what happens I think somebody is
going to get pregnant I think Mary's
going to get pregnant don't
you she always does she always does give
me the next one give me the next one I
want you to look at a couple of phrases
he sealed them the apostles sealed them
this is an operation not something
modern Christians are used to whether
they're Catholics or
Protestants right it's an actual
operation I'm going to show you one of
the longest Greek words
I have ever seen and um it's got the
seal as one of its roots right and what
is this thing we'll describe look just
look at the definition lazy long-haired
fop with his rings and nasty nails do
you see the power of
Greek you can make a crazy
word right that we have to translate
with an entire sentence to describe
what's happening
right I just want you to see that the
seal is part of it well where's the seal
where's the seal in
this the translator here had to put
Rings because they don't know what the
images are referring to they don't know
what that seal is actually
doing look one of their editors picked
out something from the medical text and
one of the medical text Sayang of
theis the seal oh it's a medical
application which makes perfect sense
because that's what Magi do that's what
your pharmac cost does they're applying
drugs Jesus is applying drugs yes to
children on their private
parts why is he doing that for the sake
of he did
he right there's profit and
business profit in business business
let's watch what happens remember the
guy what is the Med medical application
pastel they translated this right here
pel right look talking about the seal
impression on the pel right and people
don't they don't they don't even make
the association right it's not there
because it's not our language right when
you get down into it and you wallow
around in it for a long enough time you
pick up things you pick up things when
people tell you that they do Greek they
don't most of them don't unless you're
talking to a classicist they don't
really do that right but they're using
it over you and those people need
severe
reprimand because the devil hates your
fraud the devil hates your fraud more
than anything and what is this plane
it's a place where the devil gets to
punish the fools who ignore
natural Justice oh God that's what it's
all about read some of that greatek
stuff baby it's written by
Muse right it's written by Muse okay
we're almost let's keep going we're
almost let's go boom here we have here's
another for that
seal that the apostles are applying to
people here's a an precise one a
specific medicinal earth right certified
this is the lynian Earth and galin is
going after this drug right he it's a
popular drug right it's made only by
those priestesses those liian
priestesses they have the knowledge of
how to do it and you have to know it if
you're going to use it in your medicine
or your magic right if you're going to
make that person you realize you can
make that
person um fall for you you can make
somebody fall for you yeah wait what yes
if you use the right
drugs you can cause somebody to
forcefully enter that ecstatic erotic
love yeah wait a minute that stuff can
be manipulated what do you think witches
do it's all those antidotes and
dotes my God man the medicine comes
directly out of it because they're
they're the ones who have all the
pharmaceutical knowledge give me the
next one people you love it um here's
that Frist who's a Frist look they even
have a word for somebody who does this
stuff it's the title of an Egyptian
priest to seal the victim before
sacrifice wait a minute are we talking
vampires again we're talking
blood we're talking
blood did you think people just did
sacrifice because it's cool to watch
something die oh my God you got to read
some of this stuff people it's going to
open your eyes you're going to be like
oh yeah history is kind of like National
Geographic right kind of is like
National
Geographic you know you can eat innards
right and people are like what yeah you
people you eat them all the time you eat
them all the time I've seen you eating
livers right right what's the step step
up to a human liver right what's the
difference by the way do you see the
crazy in the air I mean can you feel the
static of the crazy let's pump it up a
little bit let's get the let's get the
eating the cannibalism out there let's
grab Hannibal and bring him back let's
enter the crazy isn't it gorgeous what's
going on watch the drama play out watch
it play
out we can crack Victorian backsides we
can win give it to me what's the next
one you know what the biggest weakness
of the people who want to give you a
fairy tale about from the Bible you know
what their biggest weakness is the
actual text come come great crism right
this highest this this holy highest
powerful Christ formula that's going to
bring me to the Fellowship of the men
and what is that that is TOA that is
completion that is
completion what what is a mystery it is
something that brings you to completion
you become a
toite do you understand me so when I
came home and my wife was standing there
in this weird
outfit right without any of her coal and
she you know she looks terrible she's
all dirty and I say hey why don't you
take a bath and we'll do the conjugal
thing you know what she says this is
from by the way I'm just giving you the
gospel or the acts right what does the
wife say she says no I've been purged of
my sex
demon uh excuse me
dear how'd you do that the Apostles of
Jesus Christ showed me and
now I don't have sex with
anyone except a
Christ oh my God
oh my god do you realize how mad that
makes people do you realize how mad that
makes people that's why Christians get
thrown out of every place they
go right they did this with
Pia right Paul did and what did it get
him got thrown in
prison give me the next one give me the
next one violators they had a saying if
you violate somebody sexually the Demons
of the pagans will not confest them do
you understand why priests are violating
children in
basements Christian priests do you
understand why they're violating
children to drive away the demon just
like Jesus taught
them this is the reality of your monism
this is the
reality I know it's difficult okay one
more and then we're going to get to a
couple of things couple of phrases and
that this look we talking to the
everybody who's partaking in this
Christian mystery who are they men and
women I'm translating right young boys
and young
girls right kids
virgins uh slaves and
free right young I forgot um aaya young
and old right free and slaves here's
what I want you to do I am the Apostle I
want you to flee from
pora this
pora and this PlayOn Nexia this
greed right I want you to free from them
and from The Works of that
uterus okay the works of that uterus I
want you to run away from them for in
these three
things in these three heads are all
lawlessness
anomia remember what the Christians said
there is a mystery of
anomia that is currently active it's
being
performed this is what they're talking
about right with these three heads
you've got to treat this okay are you
ready now remember these the Christians
telling this and you remember what
people do they stop having
sex right with their normal sex part
partner right and or partners and what
do they do they end up with the apostles
purging demons
sexually what else do they do they give
you all their
cash it's part of it right Peter James
and John they're all collectors of the
cash right they're not selling merch
they just say give us all the Goods or
God will Smite
you do you understand how Lac I
work okay Jesus Christ it's hard to get
through Jesus
Christ give me the yep go ahead um let
me just continue translating so all of
these people we've got to turn from
these things and he's going to show them
how to do it right he says but he wants
to explain to them what is pora pora
rots the Mind Right does this sound like
a modern argument
pornography rots the mind and what else
does it do it um darkens the eyes of the
Soul does this sound like an evangelic
it sounds like a modern Evangelical and
it puts an
obstacle in front of the body
politic and it makes PE people
weak giving
them
diseases right making the body sick in
all sorts of
ways right then he goes on to talk about
what each of these things that's
involved in the mystery is responsible
for
doing okay this is your life
people I am going to come to your home
and I'm going to entice you to go
somewhere with
me and I am going to administer to you a
Eucharist and we're GNA Purge your sex
demon do you
understand do you understand how is this
any different do things really
change does the merchandising ever stop
not
really not really
give me that last one I just want to
make sure there was no gems in there
that I left
out he talks about what the effects of
greed are on your mental state and you
know um what tell me what's the cure to
this Apostle The Cure is giving all your
money to the
apostles and that's what everybody does
who gets pulled into it everybody does
that and the apostles then will
distribute the
wealth do you like that is that gangster
or is that
gangster yeah that's really gangster
look at the bottom line what are we
doing this s for that savior we're doing
it for her give me the
next porn rots your bra your here's not
brain it's mind porn rots your mind
what are they talking about when you
take that
aphrodesiac you open up that passageway
for that
demon to be confronted to come out to be
able to give their power right this is
what Christians
do they confront those
demons and they gain power over
them right it's what the priest is
giving to the
child that
he is
assaulting that is going to allow that
child to never want that thing
again do you understand
purification purification give me to the
next one almost done darkens the eyes
that's what I heard some people the
evangelicals are into this now right
they're talking about how poor changes
your right what is porn right all the
pagans are standing around saying what
because all of their statues are what
you would call
porn yeah all of their Idols do you know
what they all have they all have
breasts oh God they have gorgeous
breasts and these breasts on these Idols
oh my
God there's not a sign there's not a
sign of any sort of surgery there's not
a sign of any sort of alteration it's
pure natural gorgeousness and
gorgios what about all the other parts
have you seen
aphrodites right
calipes
sculptures right have you seen them the
thing that you call porn the Greeks just
called Art there is a
beauty to the
naked nature of people
there's Beauty to it it's got a story to
be told and they did so in stone and
everybody looked at wow oh can I be part
of this could you do one of those of me
put me out there in my glory me me me
right Society forged by mean
ads who are poisoning and eating
people think about it for a minute are
you going to have something called
pornography in a world
generated by people who initiated each
other with mind altering
drugs no no you're not going
to sexuality is a part of the
Eucharist you cannot
detach the act of
sexuality the culmination the
climax the bringing of VIs
the exhibition of the
voice it's sacred it's part of Nature
and it is the heart of the Christian
Eucharist now those of you you've been
sitting around with the Bible I know
there's a lot of people who watch this
just so they can attempt to refute what
I'm saying there's a lot lot of those of
you in those shoes who are watching this
who suddenly understand the whole feet
thing you suddenly get it you see Jesus
sitting there you see Mary with the sex
drugs you see what's happen you see an
near contemporary text talking
about what these drugs do how to apply
them and what do you do you Christ them
you Christ them Jesus got christed do
you know what he was doing do you know
what he do you know what he was doing he
was coming to a point of rousel and all
those boys were saying what if this
thing is expensive what are you doing
Jesus remember he's the one who had been
telling them go spend time with
Unix if you can do it boys cut off your
testicles you didn't know oh my God
right go look at the Bible look at the
speech in the
gospel right look at the speech
Kingdom of Heavens made up of those unic
boys you can't get in any other
way that's what he's telling the
apostles right and what are they doing
they're growing up and they're
perpetuating this operation you mean the
communions about making money the
communion of Christianity has never been
detached from
money
never throughout history direct
connection
money my God man even the apostles are
doing it right here's the problem do you
remember what the Oracle told those
Spartans you corrupt you got that
grade that's what you need to deal with
right we Christian we know in Antiquity
we know you're going to be purged of
your passion don't you want to be purged
you get that itch you got to fulfill it
you got to satisfy it you got to bring
that thing to culmination you want to
reach those Stars right that
explosion
right they can make it so you
don't they can make it so you don't want
money anymore you just give it all to
them do you understand jokes on us give
me the next
one oh
[Music]
God I think what I'm going to do is look
um please please godess show us the
mystery show us the mystery enter into
sexual activity right in that struggle
that struggle of struggle
give us that
pleasantness right that greatest of
greatest things come now right show us
those hidden
Beauties right those things that are
going to be made visible by what you're
doing great holy
Dove do you remember who Jesus Christ
saw when John the bapti did his thing
with him do you remember who he
saw there's a reason he saw
her yeah there's a
reason look at the drugs did you know
you can do that underw too they have
ways of applying drugs that okay if you
just think about it simple it's just a
human body
right you mean there was something on
John oh God stop stop I can't I can't go
there anymore let's see let's finish off
and see is there anything else dirty
that they're doing yeah give me the big
one is there any anything else dirty
yeah um it says there you know she made
it so they could enter into intercourse
right now look at that this is line six
I just want you to look at line what is
that no yeah yeah well it's the five is
there I'm not quite sure um maybe that's
a 15 anyway look where the five is
people and go down one line and you see
Eis right eisa you see the
Eucharist I am not kidding I am not
kidding you know where he says that
Eucharist sends them it sends them into
that sexual
Union and how is he going to get them
all there the bread that he's dumping
he's soaking in the
poison and what is he do he start he
starts to give it to the women you know
what he says to them he says the same
thing you say with your communion this
is going to take away all of your
sin do you know why because I'm Jesus
Christ I'm going to drug you and I'm G
to expel your sexual
demons okay do you know what the beauty
of history is
uhhuh uhhuh the beauty of history is
that she gets
pregnant she gets
pregnant are those Christians mothers
and daughters yes they
are yes they are there's a lot of
Glorious miraculous stuff going
on and there's a lot of just hard cold
real
sex selling and
trafficking
yeah you can take somebody and you can
put them into a place with drugs and
sex
surprised let's watch the drama play out
shall we
let's watch those come forward those
Apostles let's watch them come
forward the whole time I'll be looking
for the one that was with Jesus when he
was arrested at 4:00 a.m. the one who
was naked the one who had a bandage on
his private
parts right before Jesus got
arrested right before he got arrested
why the
oh yeah it's a Trin it's a Trin there
three names on my head they all have the
same it's all the same name just in
three different forms one one is ancient
Greek right like good oldfashioned
addict that you'd see the other one is
Myan much older much older Myan and the
one on the back yes yes the one on the
back is a Trin is a Trin you didn't you
didn't guess that one did you you didn't
um they all say the same thing imagine
that imagine that love it across
centuries can you imagine that across
centuries what a what a beautiful
beautiful name okay give us uh I think
we have a couple more before down let's
go down here and that's it yeah yeah
people I want you to see oh what do the
Christians pray to happen right right
watch all the biblical scolars there's
no way you can fight this right
come come wombs of the
initiation wombs of the initiation those
rights do you know what's sacred the
uterus because her parts are a fountain
or a fountain sorry if you didn't
discover that right should have paid
more attention man that's what I was
thinking about at the right appropriate
age give me the next one Boom
come sexual communion with the
masculine all right again feminine
mystery here I just want you to see for
coia right we're talking about coino
right sexual intercourse it's not me
making it up right why the things I'm
translating the things that are
unmentionable she establishes them
visibly do you remember the communion
the people were in the rights the people
were in the
rights and they couldn't enter into the
deeper level where you can
see visibly the
mystery right because they hadn't yet
received the epis
seal the christing is necessary once all
those other drugs are applied and you're
starting to have your fit you need that
christing in order to get to the point
where the mystery is revealed it's
visible that's what that said f
visible okay do you understand right
everybody's here I appreciate it I
appreciate the fact that you're saying
it I want you to understand I just
showed you a
text that lays out what the Eucharist
is and boldly shows you drug and sex
drugs and sex drugs and sex Christianity
drugs and sex it's why Jesus Christ is
freaking arrested in a public park at
400 a.m. with a naked
kid nice nails Jesus
okay what I'm going to do now is we're
going to
switch I'm going to jump into the Greek
from am andu for those of you who are
here for the language for those of you
who want to take a deeper dive and I'm
going to let the drill instructor tell
you what's going on and what you can do
and we're going to talk about unit six
and Unit Seven just get everybody caught
up right so that alondu and almenas are
at the same point right so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to roll the
exit because I want everybody who's
going to step out
now to be able to enjoy the subliminal
brainwashing of the great chewy hit it
chewy trip be
Elemental through dreams dancing to the
bank take it to the river with the water
be slither
Scorpion and snake venom M I send you to
heaven fractional distillation drip or
an's rings grip it they could stop it
strong only take a little bit it'll get
right on top of you you'll be seeing the
craziness Up in Smoke purple
haziness doing my thing driving down the
line first come first serve kachang line
to black is your soul from the
bank where did the children go Jeepers
Creepers that snake weed was
strong Vampirella fly
[Music]
on Play It Again chewy trip be
Elemental through drains dancing to the
bank take it to the river with the water
Beast slither
Scorpion and snake venom M I send you to
heaven fractional distillation drip or's
Rings grip it they could Stu it strong
only take a little bit it'll get right
on top of you you'll be seeing the
craziness Up in Smoke purple
haziness doing my thing driving down the
lane first come first served Kang line
tall black is your soul from the
bank where did the children go Jeepers
Creepers that snake weed was
strong Vampirella fly
[Music]
on all right where did that go oh God
here it is
fantastic here we go let's get on to it
now I've had a lot of requests from
people who said look I missed it the
first shot I want to get into one of
your courses for ancient
Greek that is exactly what I'm trying to
do I'm trying to accommodate anybody who
wants to be involved now two things for
those of you out here out there who are
studying the Intensive text you've been
going through am andu you've been
talking to Tas doing exercis with Tas
and you want to jump in there are a
couple of you who I know
can right if you think you're one of
those
people I'm going to have a
call um uh next week because this week
I'm starting the Aussie and and new kiwi
courses right so I've got to stick with
those but there is coming a time if you
can get yourself through the exam that
comes after unit 7 I can pick you up I
can pick you up in the future okay now
for those of you who want to start off
at the beginning keep asking I just want
to do individual instruction with you
keep hanging there because there will
come a class that I can open up to get
people into it right to get people into
it so um we're having outstanding
results courses are going just great
people are learning um and the object is
to get you the Greek right just to so
that you can become proficient in
yourself and you can you know write back
on lady Babylon and say hey if you
considered this word and this
verse right think about it right lots of
good stuff one of my students the other
day came up with an analysis of the name
of of um media's hatic form right and
meleni and uh came up with a with an
what I think is probably the best
atmology I've heard for it so and she's
only been into it for what you know few
months my God how the brain can grow
under the influence of this mother Greek
okay let's take you let's take you
to um chapter six unit six what are the
things that you're going right this is
where you okay you take out your book or
you come back in the morning and when
you got 30 minutes to study right um
this is the third declension we're going
to look we looked at the first and the
second declensions of nouns now we're
going to look at the third and I want
you to notice the genitives look very
different from their nominative
precursors right so look at the first
one for example the word for Guardian
focks right look at this generative form
folos right what happened the stem of
your noun the root the genuine root will
always be found in the genitive
case okay I want you to remember that
your root is fak with a c a Kappa that's
your root
fak right what are our endings look like
look at the nominative faks generative
fos dative faki accusative
folaka right ignore that evocative for
now I just noticed okay it's fock but
I'm not worried about that I want my
four cases down fock fos faki faka look
at the plurals fakes
Fon look at this switch accent gets
dragged back closer to the butt end of
that word because that Omega has so much
weight did you know the Omega is the
densest vowel it draws all the light in
the universe toward it it swallows all
sounds
Isn't that
cool do you understand when he said I am
the Alpha and the Omega what that
meant no we don't and why don't you
because you've got to have this tool to
get to that level to get to that layer
that real dirt okay um look at the
plurals f f f
fakas right look at the next to it Goat
let's do goat everybody loves goat right
oh I didn't get I didn't get my goat
tonight that gets my goat I hate when
that happens for everybody who loves
Penelope here she is
Penelope remember it's behind the
cross that really
matters right what is behind the cross
what is the cross cover the cross of
Jesus Christ covers up your sin baby
that's why we've been drugging you and
Performing sexual acts on you we
Apostles right Jesus was doing that
stuff to us when we were kids
bro right thank you Penelope for showing
us what the Cross of Christ hides oh
there was Teddy did you get Teddy up
there bring Teddy back
up bring Teddy
oh I love it orus thank you almond Oh I
thought it was Teddy
saying who is that that's Miss sank
44 that 44th one it was worth it right
love it okay let's go back to the
chapter okay people what do you have to
do here you have to read over these
nouns and start to notice the patterns
look in the genitive you've got the
Omron Sigma and the data of the eota and
the accus of the alpha isn't that nice
if you just memorize these patterns
right IES iOS I
AA right look same endings right no
problem what is it in the plural IAS ion
I
IAS right okay now the book provides you
with transitions they show you what
consonants will become what
consonant right um and that's great for
you to look at what I want you really to
be doing in order to assimilate and use
this language I want you to have these
forms in your brain look at elpus the
word for Hope Elis elos El Ela in the
plural eles Elon
ELC
elas hope
what is hope hope is a
delusion hope is a delusion you walk
around in a delusive
state the Greeks wanted you to know this
you walk around in a constant state of
delusion yeah oh it's very
hopeful right oh she's very
delusional right why because we embrace
the song of the
real we embrace the song of the
real right you're not going to find any
wounds on my
back you're not going to find any wounds
on my back they may chop my face all up
but you're not going to find any wounds
on my
back yeah do you hear the Spartan do you
hear terteus
now by the way terteus was actually
Athenian yeah no they got him from they
went to the Oracle the Spartans those
dummies they sent an embassy to the
Oracle because they knew she's always
right and what did she tell them to do
she said go to Athens and get an
Athenian to lead you from now
on right and they did they went and got
to taus he was a school teacher he was a
school teacher can you believe that
where did the Spartans go when they need
help running their country they go to a
school teacher in
Athens you know
why look on the
Acropolis look on the Acropolis okay
haris
har and then look at the
plurals Right haris
charm
charm the last one we've got a neuter
Som Som Som notice it's nominative and
it's accusative are the same look at the
plural
Som right what do we get in English from
this somatic psychosomatic is something
that involves both your body your Soma
and your
psyche right
psychosomatic people talk about
psychosomatic illness what about
climax right
mind
soul soul and body coming together can
you imagine that we were all told the
body was bad body was bad that's not why
you're not supposed to have images of it
right look at I'm telling you I've seen
a lot of ancient new
sculptures right I can't see one that's
bad I can't they're all freaking
beautiful
right why because that was the focus
third declension third declension nouns
what do we go to now we go to the
relative pronoun right people just take
a look take a look at the Eng English
that they give you what is a relative
pronoun it's a little word who or which
and it creates its own dependent clause
and when I say dependent clause I just
mean it hangs off of a different verb
one of these indicative verbs or these
independent subjunctives something like
that it's got to hang off that it's got
to depend right it's got to depend not
like those
undergarments right um although I
suppose those hang is that why they call
those um they're
Defenders look at um on those English
examples on the bottom people this is
your cheat there's four of them the
first one is the nominative
all right you're putting the relative
pronoun in the nominative case the
second one the relative pronoun the word
for who or which or who's or whom that
word is in the genitive case who's in
this third line that word is in the
dative case two or for whom and the
bottom one is in the accusative case the
person whom I
kicked see how whom is the direct object
the accusative direct object of that
verb okay whatever it's doing in its own
sentence that's what its case is its
gender and number are strictly based
upon what its antecedent
is if it's an what is an antecedent
right now I don't know about any of you
but I did not learn any grammar in grade
school right I learned I wanted to be
with Mrs Baker in the fourth grade I
learned that
right um I didn't learn about nouns and
pronouns and that kind of thing just
wasn't on the radar right other things
were on the radar fangs of beauty like
Miss Baker shout out to Miss Baker
fourth grade woke me out of a deep sleep
oh God at home I was in a deep sleep Her
Image brought me to a place of
Fantasmic just Beauty thank you Miss
what oh sorry sorry Che
hey up okay let's keep going R I can
appreciate Beauty can I what is this
pretty
soon Stephen King I'm telling you let's
here are the pronouns these are your
relative pronouns look they all have
rough breathings on them people I just
want you to notice that that's that tiny
Mark tiny Mark if you haven't been
paying attention that looks like an open
quote right a single open quote look
read these off in the masculine hos who
Hoy H what are they in the plural ho hor
ho ho what they look just like the
endings ride from a second clenching
what yeah they do look at the feminine
they look just like the first E clenin
look at the neuter again like the second
but with a couple of slight tweaks right
ha who Hoy ha
which which ha which but I mean plural
which things right right good so in the
nominative case right it's the subject
of its dependent clause in the genitive
it's possessive who's we translate that
is so the nominative we translate as who
gen will translate as who's dative is
two or four whom and accusative is
whom good fantastic let's go next one
next one these are the essentials people
now I've told you about the indicative
in all different tenses and we've looked
at something called the subjunctive
we've seen it's used in purpose Clauses
in order that we may go to the store
we're going to use the subjunctive mood
in that case in order that we might go
to the store we're going to use the
optative here I've got some subjunctives
that are in
dependent they don't have to be in a
purpose Clause they can stand by
themselves as the main verb and the
first type is called the hitory and this
is an example of it look at the Greek
poin let us stop the battle let's stop
the battle let us do something that's
the hor hitory subjunctive right that's
one type of independent subjunctive give
me the next one the next type of the
independent subjunctive is Bam look at
this oh
God we're gonna
deliberate we're gonna deliberate we're
gonna ask
questions right we put our right to
exactly that's right that's what this
subjunctive does poen there's the
subjunctive look at the Omega in it it's
drawing all the sound into it it's
stifling all of the vows around it just
sucking in their power right power
maintain
M should we stop the
battle it's a deliberation what do you
guys think should we stop the
battle use a subjunctive nice give me
one let's see next one and finally the
prohibitive subjunctive the Third Kind
of independent junctive it's prohibiting
you don't do
something may pal sat look at that
gorgeous aist subjunctive you know what
that arist is done look at it look at oh
God I got I just want to touch it I want
to touch it what has it done it's lost
its time it no longer has a time it's an
aist tense but it doesn't have a time
it's only got an aspect in the
subjunctive right because we're not
thinking about indicative time we're
think thinking about
potentiality right something that's not
actually when you say don't stop the
battle you're not actually stopping the
battle you're not you you didn't even
you didn't stop it in the past you're
not you're not about to stop it in the
future right the subjunctive there in
the arist is telling you this is
something we're going to do
once and your perspective is going to be
watching us do
it if I use a present it's going to be
your perspective of doing it and it's G
to be something that is over time
continuous
habitual yeah it puts you in the
perspective of the person doing it when
you're in the when you're in the present
tense in these moods right do not send
the messenger May pimp say oh God ton
angelone look what it is it's AIS so
it's like saying don't send him this one
time right now pertinent to our
circumstances do you see how much is in
the Greek it's exhausting to translate
it because there is so much it's like
these people had some kind of what were
they eating was it some kind of vitamins
in the mushrooms or something right my
cini by the way means mushroom town
right percus is out there licking
mushrooms did you know that percus
mushroom
liquor this is for perseus's bottom you
know it too people know it right
uh yeah um Carl Ruck knows it pereus
licks
mushrooms shame on you right if you
catch somebody out in the field late at
night licking
mushrooms that dude is a son of God
yeah love it love it okay hit it there's
too much laughter we have to bring the
people back to the joy of no give it to
me blow it up no nothing up here um IES
iOS goat right just look at some of the
vocabulary people look at some of the
vocabulary gon
gonos old man old man G think of
gerentology
gerentology right that's the care of old
people right what is a n it's an opinion
what is something that is Danos
beautiful three termination adjective
right fearsome you know it's fearsome
Cersei that's the title they give to
Cersei why because she's so smart can
you believe the Greeks had a word for
the fear that you feel when a
woman is really really smart
yeah right you know there's going to be
trickery you there's going to be
manipulation the universe you know they
can manipulate these elements you
realize right you may get christed next
thing you know you wake up and your
goads are gone
congratulations you've entered the
kingdom of
heaven isn't that gorgeous the Kingdom
of Heaven you can't come this way Jesus
says and everybody's like huh right
unless you come through this gate you're
doomed do you know why Apostles do what
they do it's how they got my
wife right that's how they got my wife
those dirty
Apostles is anybody turning this in is
anybody talking to the Roman authorities
Chey yeah they are no they are they're
arresting them and stuff like that
right they're getting for um incest
believe it or not because that's one of
the crimes that Christians could abide
and could promote the the Romans were
like
nope nope right when things go south you
end up with people doing things to their
relatives right everybody said that
about Nero right what was the sign what
was the first sign that it went South
dude when your
sisters start to look
attractive when your
brothers could possibly be
partners um your you know come on man
this is civilization dude we make
toilets and
streets right come on get that stuff
together all right I'm telling you when
they go culty they go all the way um I
just wanted to go through a few terms
with you I just want you to see
vocabulary I want you to read through it
just like that look what else do we have
to learn now in the seventh in the
seventh unit here we're talking about
the aist middle the seventh is all about
middle the middle
voice what pray tell is the middle voice
okay get ready for this people because
you don't have this in
English you don't have this option in
English you can take a verb you can make
that verb
active you can make it passive or you
can make it somewhere between we'll call
middle and what does that mean
active all right I kick the ball passive
the ball is kicked by me middle are you
ready this is not English I do
something because it is to my advantage
to do
so okay I perform an action or I am in a
state of
being because it is to my advantage to
be there wait a minute what you can do
that with verbs yeah no problem and here
they're giving you those midd they're
going to look like passives look at the
aist middle aain
oth a Anto memorize it right arist
middle
amto how about the era subjunctive metal
oh my
a you say wait a minute I already know
these endings right and this is a
subjunctive so look at the vowels the
vowels are long when you hear that as
music you understand you're in a world
of
potentiality do you understand ancient
Greek is a musical language it is the
the only one to reach its level of
maturity no other language has come to
this level now I can speak I can say
that because um just based on the fact
alone of how many unique words there are
and how many um how
many ancient sources talk about the
special nature of Greek right I mean
it's a big deal it's a big deal you know
know where we get garans these are the
people who studied Greek ancient Greek
right who living then that's where we
get garans
from right why because mother Greek is
hugely hugely powerful you saw a word
tonight you know God you can reach out
into the ether and you can make words
and that's what people are doing for
years classicists have said um hey why
does ancient Greek have so many hopx of
these one single occurrences it must
just be well we it's due to you know
fate or chance you know we just don't
have this word prepare uh preserved
anywhere else you mean we have hundreds
of millions and we don't have this one
more than once why is that it's not due
to
chance it's due to the fact that mother
Greek gave her
users people who had her as their
operating system right um she gave them
the capacity to
create right so all of these ancient
authors they're coming up with their own
words not because that word's not there
it's only doesn't appear once only
because that's the only reference we
have to it's because that person
invented it they coined the word how
often are we coining words in
English yeah and what what do we use we
use Greek Roots anyway how original are
we as language I'm sorry I'm sorry
people English is for bog striding bog
striding that's it you can walk in a bog
enjoy it give me the next
one here is the subjunctive middle right
notice the endings your oh my a aai
right myai meth the UN it's the same
endings you've already had them go to
the next one what about the Optive
middle right the aist middle and why are
we dealing with the aist because the
passive on the aist side is the sixth
principal part it's got its own
principal part we're working from the
third principal part that's the aist
what is their middle look like right
when you are an
aist optative what is that what is that
sign of the optative is the Yoda when
you jam an a Yoda into something
right now I'm not saying Yoda right I
guess I
am maybe do you have Yoda
somewhere um
you wait what is this ancient G
oh you know other people thank you Marie
other people have said this ancient
Greek speaks like Yoda it does that's
nice right beautiful um yeah it does it
does and unfortunately that's partially
because we have to translate it into a
stupid
language right we have to translate into
this stupid language Maria if we could
translate um the Greek without actually
translating it if you could hear the
original um a lot of what you're
perceiving as Yoda esque talk um would
go away it's like
interference it's a part of our
translation right not only do you lose
information when you translate because
you work toward entropy but also um you
create interference kind of a
static you know so um what is the remedy
to that learn the Greek start exposing
yourself to the text and you will
reprogram your
brain right You' be functioning much
higher level can you imagine coming up
with millions of words oh my God oh my
God how many do you use during the day I
don't know maybe
25,000 25,000 imagine that for a minute
our universe is 25,000
words and what is beyond us millions of
stars oh God I want to go there I want
to go to every one of them you know what
I mean I want to go to every one of them
give it to me now next one what else do
we need um here's the here are the
endings I man ioo for that aist optative
middle
imto it's still the main meth unto
endings right good no problem no problem
now here's the trick and this is the
cheat for unit seven in my
opinion these are the middle verbs right
what happens when you take a verb out of
the active and put it into the middle
you're now shifting to the emphasis of
doing something for your own sake look
at the specific examples we've got arho
right AR meaning to rule what is it when
you make it middle Ari and it means to
begin to
rule for your own
Advantage is to start
something okay again a lot of these
times you got to take off your shoes and
you got to put on their sandals you got
to feel right you got to feel and you're
going to feel a lot of Agriculture
you're going to feel goats man so tired
of reading about goats and what goats
smell like
right right no offense but there's a lot
of that um grafo to write what about in
the middle grafo M look at the bottom
indict what do you do when you write
somebody up for your own well-being you
indict them who
invented courts
juries who invented the legal system
that you so
enjoy yeah Athena did bonehead the great
virgin why do you think we've got a
giant statue over the topmost point in
the biggest temple cuz she brought
Justice your system didn't evolve from
any other culture the thing that you so
cherish is Justice whether you're I
don't care where you
are
right we'll say west of the mud
brick when you get into
civilization the soul of civilization is
that virgin and why because she brings
us Justice we protect her right we
protect her if you're not protecting
virgins you know how can you understand
democracy
do you see how they're
thinking okay give us back to that chart
give us back to that chart chewy that
last one that we were having
there boom um here's the transition from
active to Middle look at tho to me this
one is very obvious look at I mean this
one's like it really shows you what the
middle voice does tho sacrifice I
sacrifice th oh
my I consult the gods do you see
I sacrifice for myself and that word
sacrifice througho is coming is coming
through of burn to burn when you tho you
burn something what is the thing you're
burning it's the thing you're breathing
in and why are you breathing in so you
can talk to the gods so you can talk to
the
gods right do you understand this is
anthropology it's just anthropology you
see how much anthropology in the
language and what do those Bible
scholars not have they don't have any of
this they have inter lineary they have
inter Interlinear translations that's
all they've got and they memorize the
stupid things the generation before
theirs vomited
out right they never see this they never
get down to the
dirt right they're always in this Haze
okay that's the difference between the
between the active and the Middle look
at that chart take a look at how the
verbs transition from active to Middle
finally we've got a two types of
independent optiv that is when you can
have an optative standing as your main
verb when you can have a mood the
optative mood as your main verb you're
cool they're independent optiv the first
is the optative of wish look at the
examples may we stop the
battle right may we stop the battle do
you hear how that's a wish that's not we
are stopping the battle or we stopped
the battle yesterday or we will stop the
battle tomorrow tomorrow that's all the
indicative mood this uhuh this is an
independent Optive right may we do it
doesn't say we're doing it it says you
know wishful thinking is that we're
going to do it love it give me the next
one give me the next one what's the
other type of independent optative oh
God the potential optative I want you to
memorize right now you see this
example we've got optative one in the
present and one in the
aist that's what's in the brackets right
and what do we have after it
on you've got to have an on people for
that potential now um am I going to tell
you that in the future when we're coming
across text where you see it's not there
no I'm not going to worry about that now
I want you to than to yourself every
time you see that on you're G to have a
potential Optive here's the problem from
Context you're going to have to
determine how to translate it
appropriately because it can be May
might could or would May might could or
would potential optative I may do
something I might do something I could
do something I would do something and
you're going to have to tell from
Context which one of those is
appropriate in
English
right right do you hear how plotting
your English is Greeks don't have to
worry about this right you do an English
though though cuz you got a
shift it's very plotting like you're
stupid I think we're going to discover
in the future I think we're going to
discover that our generation we
stupid right something happened they
were really smart classical Antiquity
they God they were going so far they
were right on the verge of freaking
computers dude and do you know what
happened they hit the church and
everybody went stupid everybody went
stupid look how do you know that Chief
scientist oh we know it because we
analyze their language we analyze their
language and let me tell you something I
am a speaker of English from my very
Youth and I have to admit English is
dumb compared to Greek English is dumb
compared to Greek so as you're working
out with your Greek the more you're
working out please realize it is sweaty
you're going to sweat and bleed in this
process you're going to want to walk
away and you're want gonna want to come
back because that passion That Dope the
stuff that's in the language that it
opens up opens up and shows you oh my
God it's pure dope you want it right you
want Mama Greek H we all do give it to
me give it to me here's a few vocabulary
here's a few few vocabulary words let's
just roll this up ice cross what is
something it's ice cross right it's
something that you don't want because
people are going to be watching you and
you don't want it all over you like a
pollutant it's something that's ugly or
shameful ice
cross how about grma what's a grma it's
a letter look at that letter if you put
it in the plural T you can be talking
about documents written things lettered
things who are the people who came up
with a
concept who are the people who came up
with concept of grammar and letters and
libraries mother
Greek you see the beauty only
comes after
she is
visible do you understand the mystery do
you understand the
logos you get it okay here's more
vocabulary there's a nice klepto don't
be a klepto don't steal stuff
right okay study this vocabulary take me
down chewy here's what I want to do I
want to say look people we've gone
through very
rapidly units one through seven there is
an exam waiting for us to take to tell
us are we ready are we ready to move
move
forward right um when I have personal
attention and I can have between four
and eight people in a class and I can
talk to them I can do the testing and I
can tell them
ah up on your toe
Bina right I can tell them that um with
those of you who are out there who feel
like you're swimming in this giant ocean
and you're following along in the Tex
you're trying to follow my cues you try
to do some exercises you may go to the
Tas on Saturday and please everybody
take advantage of our Tas our Tas are
doing a fantastic job I heard one
student step forward the other day and
say something about Nancy just the
incredible job that she does and how
much he enjoys working with her because
what a great teacher she is right I'm
telling you I'm telling you Comm and
you employes without any salary numerous
people who are assisting you in coming
to a place where you can learn ancient
Greek and use it and use it fantastic oh
Al booy shout out to all boy Al boy is
is coming up with another documentary
about the purple I think he's taking on
the
purple no palasan which is means purple
anyway but okay cool the plasco right
love it h everybody please watch it
everybody please watch it um all booy
does fantastic work and it's brief it's
not like me long- winded it's like brief
it's very moody you know what I mean and
on comes all boy and he's got that
commanding presence you know what I mean
I would pit all boy against a malry
warrior you know what I mean wouldn't
that be wonderful to watch right imagine
that struggle that
contest yes Nancy says thank you um take
advantage of these Tas take advant by
the way it's called rugby I'm not
inventing this like some incing Overlord
no right no no this is rugby right is
anybody I was exposed to
rugby let me tell you something right
those kiwi right when it comes to rugby
no I'm not playing no you know what I'm
going to watch I'm going to watch you
people do it um I love it by the way I
love it I wish we could get that hawy
thing going give me the give me the um
that that was that was we're out we're
out people thank you for coming tonight
R for all 666 people who are pushing
themselves forward in the Greek please
keep pushing I may be able to get you
into a class right keep it up keep
working Forge
ahead um a lot of I've got some couple
of things coming up projects that the
congregation is gonna um I think it's
GNA uh be pleased with and I'm proud to
be able to have the opportunity so thank
you for coming tonight please realize
that in the Christian right we are
bringing her
we are bringing the
Kora right and um appreciate where it
all comes from hail Satan Triple Beam
Elemental pece Darkness through dreams
dancing to the bank taken to the river
with the water Beast
Slither Scorpion and snake venom M I
send you to heaven fractional
distillation drip Ora's Rings grip that
good Stu is strong only take a little
bit it'll get right on top of you you'll
be seeing the
craziness Up in Smoke purple
haziness doing my thing driving down the
lane first come first served kachang
line T black is your soul from the
bank where did the children go Jeepers
Creepers that's snake weed was
strong Vampirella fly on